Time to add more than just roots here with the error.
We already have a great first place of adding our own data model.
Now we could all add a place and a user model but I'll stick to my dummy inline object literal data
for now because we'll add real models later when we work with the database for the error.
However will not replace it later so we can already implement a proper model for it.
Now a model basically is a blueprint.
The definition of a data object we work with and therefore I'll add a new models folder here and in
there I'll add a error or to be precise H to the p dash error J.S. file in that file.
I'll create a new javascript class.
The class keyword is a way lable in modern javascript.
No extra build tools or compilers are required and I'll named as class HDP error.
Now in case you're not aware a class is essentially a blueprint for a javascript object and you can
learn more about that in my javascript complete guide for example or of course also in other javascript
resources I expect that this is something you know or you're looking up whilst you're taking this course
because it is some basic javascript concept.
Now this class will extend with the extends keyword the built in error which means it's based on the
built in error but we can tweak it to look and work the way we want it to look and work.
Specifically I'll add this special constructor method which you can add to any class.
This allows us to write some logic that runs whenever we instantiate this class and create a new object
based on it.
And in this constructor I expect to get a message as an argument and an error code.
And then in here we call super to call the constructor of the base class.
So if the error class here and forward the message to it this will already add a message property to
these instances we create based on this class here and I will also add another property the code property
which is set equal to error code and you add a property with the help of the this keyword here.
So this adds a code property to instances based on this class.
Now we have to export this class with module exports so that we can use it outside of this file as well.
And with it export it we can go back to the places roots and they're simply imported.
So here all import my age to be error by calling require dot dot slash which means go up one level out
of the root folder back into the root folder then go into the models folder and then there HP error
without the file extension.
That's where we get this age to the error class I'm interested in you could named as however you want
by the way convention just is to name these classes which essentially are a constructor function stay
for with a capital starting character.
So I'm doing that here as well.
And now I'm doing this because now we can shorten does a bit.
We can create a new age to the p error here which gets a message and then gets our code like this so
we can get rid of this line here and we can also get rid of this first line and just throw this error
which we create on the fly which is definitely a bit shorter.
And here we can do something similar.
We can create a new age BP error or pass in this message here and set the 404 status code and get rid
of these two lines.
And now this is really a shorter way of doing that.
And if we now give it a try you see this still works as before we're able to find places that exist
that would get back the proper error response for places that do not exist.
And with that we added nice error handling it was important to me to do that early so did we have it
in place before we write too much of our code which also needs it.
But with that I would say we also can go back to our actual roots which we need and the logic we want
to run there and make sure that we also add more of the routes we specified here on this slide because
thus far we only have keys first to get the roots.
No of course not.
All we need to post patch and delete root as well for our places and then of course we also want to
add some users roots because there we haven't added anything at the moment.